So, now let's talk
about AWS Knowledge Center,
which is part of the re:Post portal.
So this is a place where you can find
the most frequent and common questions and requests on AWS.
So, they have a lot of different categories
such as popular services, analytics,
application integration, and so on.
And what I'm going to do is just show you
the online portal right now.
So, I an now on the Knowledge Center
and it's part of AWS re:Post.
And so here we have the featured questions.
For example, I can look at this one.
And you have troubleshooting of objects,
replication for Amazon S3 buckets, for example.
So, you have the question and then you have the resolution,
and a long article that helps you with these things.
So, this is quite helpful.
And if you go into Knowledge Center,
you can go for newly created or popular ones,
and then you can browse all the Knowledge Center content.
And as you can see here, you can filter by tags.
So, you can filter by AWS service.
You can do a search and so on.
You can sort them, you can view them as a list.
I mean, there's a lot of things you can do with this portal.
From an exam perspective, it's going to be the place
to find the answers to very common questions,
so to frequently ask questions and best practices on AWS.
Okay, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.